RTCDtlsTransport: getRemoteCertificates() docs (#44543)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcdtlstransport/index.md

_Also inherits methods from {{DOMxRef("EventTarget")}}._

- {{DOMxRef("RTCDtlsTransport.getRemoteCertificates", "getRemoteCertificates()")}}

>   - : Returns an array of {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} objects containing the certificates of the remote peer of the connection.

Reviewer: same? certificate chain

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an array of {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} objects representing the remote peer's certificate chain.
```
